You can use the 68k build of clib2 with the existing Amiga 68k ports of the
GNU 'C' compiler. In order to do so, you need to modify the "specs" file which
controls how the compiler(s) and the linker interact, and where the linker
will look for the program startup code and library files. Also, you will need
to copy the header files, startup code and library files to the locations
where the 'C' compiler and linker expects them.

Please read the following description before you follow the instructions. The
changes suggested may have unexpected side-effects!

I have provided a working "specs" file with this documentation file. To switch
over an existing Amiga 68k port of GCC to use clib2, you would proceed as
follows:

   - Locate the directory within which GCC is installed. For example, this
     could be within a directory to which the name "ADE:", "GG:" or "GCC:"
     is assigned. For the sake of simplicity, the following notes assume
     that the assignment name is "GCC:"

   - Make backup copies of the following directories and files:

        GCC:lib/gcc-lib/amigaos/2.95.3/specs

           (NOTE: Check the directory called "GCC:lib/gcc-lib/amigaos"
                  first; the "2.95.3" quoted above refers to the version,
                  revision and patch number of the GCC installed and your
                  version number may differ!)

        GCC:include
        GCC:lib

   - Now you can proceed to install clib2; just copy the "include" and "lib"
     directories over, like this:

        Copy include GCC:include all quiet
        Copy lib GCC:lib all quiet

   - Finally, replace the "specs" file with the one provided:

        Copy specs GCC:lib/gcc-lib/amigaos/2.95.3/specs

           (NOTE: Check the directory called "GCC:lib/gcc-lib/amigaos"
                  first; the "2.95.3" quoted above refers to the version,
                  revision and patch number of the GCC installed and your
                  version number may differ!)

Once you have completed these steps you should be able to build programs using
the 68k build of clib2 and you currently installed GCC. Note that these
changes may have the effect of rendering your C++ compiler unusable, so make
sure that you've made backup copies of all files and directories first!
